Documentation for A11y testing (#683)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/accessibilityTests/accessibility.md

If you haven’t integrated Chromatic in your CI setup, please follow [this guide](/docs/ci).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Does Chromatic report "Needs Review" or "Incomplete" checks?</summary>

No, Chromatic does not report these checks. There are instances where axe-core is unable to accurately determine a violation. For example, it can't accurately assess color contrast when text is rendered over a gradient or background image. You will see these issues reported in Storybook’s Accessibility panel under the "Incomplete" tab. However, Chromatic only reports on violations it can be certain about.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Does TurboSnap support accessibility tests?</summary>

Yes. TurboSnap analyzes your project’s Git history and [dependency graph](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/dependency-graph/) to identify which components and their dependencies have changed. It then only snapshots and runs visual and accessibility tests for stories associated with those changes. For the rest, it copies over the snapshots from baselines that didn’t change.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Do accessibility tests support modes?</summary>

> Yes. If you’ve configured modes for a Story. Chromatic will run accessibility tests on each mode too.

Reviewer: Forgot about one issue here:
```suggestion
Yes, if you've configured modes for a story, Chromatic will run accessibility tests on each mode too."
```

---

## Frequently asked questions

<details>
<summary>What are Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)?</summary>

The [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) are a set of internationally recognized standards developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) through their Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI). These guidelines provide a comprehensive framework for making web content more accessible to people with disabilities.

</details>

<details>
<summary>What is an accessibility violation?</summary>

Accessibility violation refers to an issue detected within a story where an element fails to meet accessibility standards or guidelines (such as WCAG). These violations indicate barriers that might prevent people with disabilities from using the website or application effectively.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Why might you want to accept accessibility violations?</summary>

TL;DR: You’ll want to accept violations if they're part of necessary structural changes leading to an eventual fix.

> When you run Axe, it lists all accessibility violations found in the story. However in some cases, addressing all issues immediately may not be feasible. In that case, you’d accept the violations and fix them incrementally.

Reviewer 2: I think 'axe' is lowercase
